Updates README. (#32456)
gravitational/teleport: README.md

> Teleport protects access to your infrastructure.

Reviewer: Nit: It feels a little odd to have this prose above the hero image/repository badges

Reviewer 2: +1

It provides connectivity, authentication, access controls and audit.

Here is why you might use Teleport:

> * Set up SSO for all your cloud infrastructure [1].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Set up SSO for all of your cloud infrastructure [1].
```

> * Protect access for engineers across all services, both in the cloud and on-prem, using mTLS endpoints and short-lived certificates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Protect access to all services (both in the cloud and on-prem) using mTLS endpoints and short-lived certificates.
```

* Establish tunnels to access services behind NATs and firewalls.
* Provide an audit log with session recording and replay for various protocols.

> * Role-based access control (RBAC) and [access requests](https://goteleport.com/features/access-requests/).

Reviewer 2: I think this one is missing the _why_.

> [1] Open Source version supports only Github SSO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1] Open Source version supports only GitHub SSO.
```

> Teleport works with SSH, Kubernetes, databases, RDP, and web services, integrates
> with cloud and self-hosted infra.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Teleport works with SSH, Kubernetes, databases, RDP, and web services.
```

We already mentioned cloud and self-hosted infra (8 lines above).

## Introduction

> Teleport includes an identity-aware access proxy, a CA that issues short-lived certificates, and an access control and tunneling system to access resources behind the firewall.

Reviewer 2: The access control system and tunneling system are separate things. This makes them sound the same. (You can use access control without tunneling)

> You can read more about its architecture [here](https://goteleport.com/docs/architecture/).

Reviewer 2: We already linked to this on line 18.

> We have implemented Teleport as a single Golang binary that integrates with multiple protocols and cloud services:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have implemented Teleport as a single Go binary that integrates with multiple protocols and cloud services:
```

> * [SSH nodes](https://goteleport.com/docs/getting-started/).

Reviewer 2: Not sure why we're linking to this page for "SSH nodes" - it hardly mentions SSH.

Also, we've already included this link on line 19 so we probably don't need to include it twice in such a short document.

* [Kubernetes clusters](https://goteleport.com/docs/kubernetes-access/introduction/)
* [PostgreSQL, MongoDB, CockroachDB and MySQL databases](https://goteleport.com/docs/database-access/introduction/).
* [Internal Web apps](https://goteleport.com/docs/application-access/introduction/).
* [Windows Hosts](https://goteleport.com/docs/desktop-access/introduction/).
* [Networked servers](https://goteleport.com/docs/server-access/introduction/).

You can set up Teleport as a [Linux daemon](https://goteleport.com/docs/#set-up-a-demo-cluster) or a [Kubernetes deployment](https://goteleport.com/docs/deploy-a-cluster/helm-deployments/).

> Teleport focuses on the best infrastructure security practices:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Teleport focuses on best practices for infrastructure security:
```

- No need to manage shared secrets such as SSH keys or Kubernetes tokens: it uses certificate-based auth with certificate expiration for all protocols.
- Two-factor authentication (2FA) for everything.
- Collaboratively troubleshoot issues through session sharing.

> - Single sign-on (SSO) for everything via GitHub Auth, OpenID Connect, or SAML with endpoints like Okta or Active Directory [2]

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't consider Okta and Active directory "endpoints"

- Infrastructure introspection: Use Teleport via the CLI or Web UI to view the status of every SSH node, database instance, Kubernetes cluster, or internal web app.

> [2] Open-Source version only supports Github SSO.

Reviewer 2: This was already mentioned on line 13.

> Teleport uses [Golang crypto](https://godoc.org/golang.org/x/crypto). It is _fully compatible with OpenSSH_, `sshd` servers, and `ssh` clients, Kubernetes clusters and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport uses [Go crypto](https://godoc.org/golang.org/x/crypto). It is _fully compatible with OpenSSH_, `sshd` servers, and `ssh` clients, Kubernetes clusters and more.
```

Reviewer 2: I would also say "it is compatible with OpenSSH" - not "fully compatible".

"fully" is just a filler word in this case - the sentence reads just the same without it, and then you don't open up debate as to what "fully" actually means.
